feat(docs): add useInvalidate doc (#3481)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/invalidate/useInvalidate.md

---
id: useInvalidate
title: useInvalidate
source: /packages/core/src/hooks/invalidate
---

> **refine** uses [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest) to fetch and manage the state of the data. More information about invalidation please read the TanStack Query's [invalidation](https://tanstack.com/query/v4/docs/react/guides/query-invalidation) docs.

<br/>

`useInvalidate` can be used to invalidate the state of a particular `resource` or [`dataProvider`][data-provider] (with dataProviderName).

This hook is used on mutation hooks. when a mutation is success, this hook will called. For example, creating a `Posts` with [useCreate](/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useCreate/) hook will invalidate the `list` ([useList](/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useList/)) and `many` ([useMany](/docs/api-reference/core/hooks/data/useMany/)) state of the `Posts` resource.

:::info-tip

> The hook is used internal in **refine**. Normally you don't need this hook, but we export it as it may be useful for some use-cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hook is used internally by **refine**. In most of the cases, you won't need this hook, but we export it as it may be useful for some use-cases that may require customized invalidation.
```
